capital = 4

oob = "AUS_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = AUS_kurt_schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_karl_renner
recruit_character = AUS_arthur_seyss-inquart
recruit_character = AUS_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUS_karl_eglseer
recruit_character = AUS_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = AUS_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = AUS_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = AUS_julius_yllam
recruit_character = AUS_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = AUS_josef_teufl
recruit_character = AUS_otto_schobel
recruit_character = AUS_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = AUS_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = AUS_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = AUS_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = AUS_franz_bohme
recruit_character = AUS_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = AUS_julius_raab
recruit_character = AUS_leopold_figl
recruit_character = AUS_conservative

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1931.8.5"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 29
	social_democracy = 20
	market_liberalism = 33
	neutrality = 8
	despotic = 7
	revolutionary_socialism = 2
	revisionary_communism = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	walter_breisky
	ernst_rudiger_von_starhemburg
}

set_stability = 0.50
